Added a filtering function for the pcolormesh plots to filter out workspaces with 1 bin or less (#41250)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.16.0/Inelastic/Bugfixes/41142.rst

> - Fixed a crash by adding a check to verify the workspaces have more than one bin before creating :ref:`Colorfill_Plots` from the ``Stretch`` tab in the :ref:`Bayes Fitting interface <interface-inelastic-bayes-fitting>`.

Reviewer: This is super nit-picky but I do agree with the sentiment of the release note guide that it is useful to start with reference to the part of the code which has changed
https://developer.mantidproject.org/Standards/ReleaseNotesGuide.html#how-to-phrase-a-release-note

```suggestion
- The :ref:`Bayes Fitting interface <interface-inelastic-bayes-fitting> ``Stretch`` tab now verifies that workspaces have more than one bin before creating :ref:`Colorfill_Plots`.
```
